IGNITE-20656 Java thin: Service awareness (#11003)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/services/services.adoc

//== Accessing Services from Compute Tasks
// TODO the @ServiceResource annotation

== Service Awareness [[service_awareness]]
For link:../thin-clients/java-thin-client.adoc#java_thin_client[Java Thin Client] you can activate Service Awareness.
To do that, enable link:../thin-clients/java-thin-client.adoc#partition_awareness[Partition Awareness].

> When used, the thin client knows about nodes with the service instances and invokes them directly.
> 
> Without Service Awareness, the invocation requests are sent to a random node. If it has no service
> instance deployed, the request is redirected to a proper node. Such redirection costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without Service Awareness, the invocation requests are sent to a random node. If it has no service
instance deployed, the request is redirected to a different node. This additional network hop adds overhead.

With Service Awareness, the thin client knows where service instances are deployed and sends the request to the correct node.
```

Author: Fixed

[NOTE]
====
The service topology is updated asynchronously starting with the first service invocation.

> Thus, few invocation redirects on the server nodes are still possible. Especially if the service migrates or was redeployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, some invocation redirects are still possible.
```

Author: Fixed
